update cray documentation (#2022)
arbor-sim/arbor: doc/install/build_install.rst

Note that the C and C++ compiler wrappers are called ``cc`` and ``CC``
respectively on Cray systems.

.. note::

    When targeting the cuda backend, the compiler has to be compatible with the
    respective cuda toolkit version. Thus, it may be necessary to switch the
    compiler. On Piz Daint, for example, one would do the following at the time
    of this writing:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ module load daint-gpu/21.09
        $ module load craype-accel-nvidia60
        $ module swap cudatoolkit/21.5_11.3 # switch to newer cuda toolkit
        $ module swap gcc/9.3.0 # switch to 9.3.0 from 11.2.0

CMake detects that it is being run in the Cray programming environment, which makes
our lives a little bit more difficult (CMake sometimes tries a bit too hard to help).
To get CMake to correctly link our code, we need to set the ``CRAYPE_LINK_TYPE``
environment variable to ``dynamic``.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ export CRAYPE_LINK_TYPE=dynamic

.. note::

>     This step is no longer required beginning with the Cray PE 10.06 release, where

Reviewer: If no longer required, then remove.

Author: Depends on the Cray PE version. What do you suggest instead?

Reviewer: "Cray PE" is not defined, so it may not be obvious that it refers to our how a user controls it. I image it's an env with a set of GCC builds etc. one can load? Or is it done system wide and has the user no choice?

Author: Cray PE= Cray Programming Environment. Yes it comes with a bunch of tools: compilers, MPI, scientific libraries, but it also sets a bunch of environment variables etc. It usually the minimum you have on a system provided by Cray (HPE).

    Often the library or executable will work, however if a different glibc is loaded,
    Arbor will crash at runtime with obscure errors that are very difficult to debug.

> For building Arbor's python interface, it may be necessary to load a more recent

Reviewer: May be, or is?

Author: Haven't tested all systems, so cannot tell you exactly. It is required on Piz Daint, though. This isn't supposed to be an exhaustive system documentation, and people are expected to look up their system specs / best practices / ask sysadmin etc.

Reviewer: I guess 'knows about the Cray system' is the operating clause, not 'more recent Python'? Maybe:

```suggestion
For building Arbor's Python interface, it may be necessary to load a Python that knows about the target system; in the case of the CSCS Cray system:
```
